feat(pwa/caching): caching and invalidation (#131)
americanexpress/one-app: docs/api/modules/App-Configuration.md

workers on browser clients, We can use the escape hatch worker by setting
`escapeHatch` to true.

While in normal circumstances we would want to use the standard `serviceWorker`,

> `recoveryMode` and `escapeHatch` are there to help the origin that `one-app` is deployed on;

Reviewer: Why a semicolon?

}
```

### Caching

When the service worker is enabled, the Caches API is working on every `fetch` event
that is intercepted by the service worker and caches/responds if they are either app,

> module or lang pack resources (the expected paths are the build outputs from `one-amex-bundler`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
module or lang pack resources (the expected paths are the build outputs from [`one-app-bundler`](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app-cli/tree/master/packages/one-app-bundler)).
```

}
```

### Caching

> When the service worker is enabled, the Caches API is working on every `fetch` event

Reviewer: So we can safely say that this caching functionality is completely "revertible" and opt-in along just like the core PWA feature is today?

Author: Yes, when removing the service worker, the cache is completely cleared, restarting the service worker in recovery mode and back, it will trigger a reset of the cache. It isn't an opt-in is turned on automatically.

Reviewer: Gotcha 👍
